One of the films I have seen in the past is the first part of the trilogy \"The Lord of the Rings\" directed by Peter Jackson. The screenplay is based on the fantasy book written by J.R.R. Tolkien. The story is about a ring that must be destroyed before Sauron, the master of darkness will find it and conquer the whole world with that extremely dangerous weapon. Frodo the hobbit (played by Elijah Wood), his friends Sam (Sean Astin), Merry (Dominic Monaghan) and Pippin (Billy Boyd) and also the wise wizard Gandalf (sir Ian MacKellen), the humans Aragorn (Viggo Mortensen) and Boromir (Sean Bean), the elf Legolas (Orlando Bloom) and the dwarf Gimli (John Rhys-Davies) are responsible for throwing the ring into a vulcano in Mordor.

The adventure starts when Bilbo, Frodo`s uncle decides to leave his hometown. He gives his nephew his biggest treasure - a ring which can make the one who carries it invisible. After Bilbo`s departure appears Gandalf and advices Frodo to get rid of the dangerous object. So Frodo and his friends make their way to Mordor, the land of darkness to destroy the ring. During their mission the hobbits meet new companions (Aragorn, Legolas and Gimli) who are obliged to help them. But there is also something that fills them with fear - they are closely followed by Sauron`s most dangerous warriors. After a long and threatening journey Frodo and Sam arrive at last on the place of their destiny. But if they destroy the ring or not - that is the plot of the sequel.

This film is an eye-catching spectacle. The acting is on a high and professional level, especially the characters played by Viggo Mortensen and Orlando Bloom are absolutely fantastic. What is more, the costumes, the magical creatures like elves, dwarfs, gnomes, ect., the scenery and the decorations are just brilliant. But the pearl in this film are the magnificent special effects, even honoured with the Oscar. The soundtrack ideally adapts to the individual scenes.

"The Lord of the Rings" is a wonderful film about friendship, courage and responsibility, which you definitely should not miss. It has become a blockbuster in many countries. I would recommend it to everyone.
